docs: re-phrasing code of conduct reference (#1620)
oscal-compass/compliance-trestle: docs/mkdocs_code_of_conduct.md

# Code of Conduct 

The code of conduct now resides at the organization level in the community repository. Please visit https://github.com/oscal-compass/community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md to review the common code of conduct.

> Note: The code of conduct is subject to change as `compliance-trestle` is onboarded as a CNFC sandobx project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The code of conduct is subject to change as `compliance-trestle` is on-boarded as a CNFC sandbox project.
```
